Hey, good morning family. Thank you for joining us today. We are going to start praying more and more; that's what the Lord has told me to do and he told Diana to do the same thing.
It's not really prophetic; some of the things I see, I feel like they're warnings.
As watchmen and watchwomen and men of God, we're watchmen and we are going to start praying against some of the things that the Lord has showed us.
It's not just to tell you about it and just go, 'Hey, sound the alarm,'and then do nothing about it.
We're called to change things, and prayer—that's our whole slogan: Prayer Changes Things.
We believe in the power of prayer and we got our first picture today in the mail because we told you all to send your pictures to us so we could pray over your families.
Whatever you are believing God for, write on the back of the picture. Diana and I will pray over it right now.
Write on the back, 'Hey, we do not want this shown,'or, 'It's okay to share the picture,'because some people don't want to be all over the internet.
But we're going to pray for this family today. Her husband's dressed up in a tuxedo, and they look like they're at a wedding; they look nice, a very classy family.
This woman says that her son is wayward and he is not talking to the family anymore.
It sounds like a pretty rough situation, but we're going to believe God that he's going to turn around, that he's coming home, and this wayward son is going to be on fire for Jesus.
The enemy is after the young people because they are going to be the forerunners of this great revival that's about to take place.
When we go to these places and drive around, I have an urgency for the college kids because I know what God is about to do on these campuses.
Someone mailed me something that showed some of the college campuses having revivals.
It was all over several college campuses; they're having major baptisms, salvations, and altar calls.
Amazing stuff is going on. I believe we're seeing the first fruits that will start to spring up.
He told me March, April, and May that we would start to see the first fruits of the outpouring of the finances. It's already been a major thing that happened Friday.
Now some people say that was a big nothingburger, but folks, we have a president that is pro-crypto, saying that we want to have a Bitcoin reserve.
The last administration was trying to sue everybody and the SEC was after everything.
It sounds to me like we have, for the first time, an administration saying, 'Hey, we want to join this new platform of new technology.'That in itself is a miracle.
Without having some kind of big windfall of a financial outpouring, we see the foundation being laid for the wealth of the sinner laid up for the righteous.
We're seeing the first blades: we have the blade, then the ear, then the full manifestation, and then the crop—the huge field of harvest.
It has to start somewhere, and I believe we just saw a little blade poke up out of the dirt saying, 'Hello, I'm here.'That should get you excited.
The last administration with Elizabeth Warren—she doesn't like crypto and she's like, 'We're going to stop it, we're going to destroy it.'Here we have President Trump saying, 'Let's make America great again.'It is something to look forward to.
At least 'Pocahontas'might be quiet for a little bit in the SEC.
Praise the Lord, it is what it is, Diana. These people are evil.
They can't even stand up for a cancer patient. God help them all. Well, we're going to pray now.
The Lord said, 'Make five minutes, don't sit here and ramble on.'So we're going to make it just five minutes of talking and we're going to do a lot of praying.
Let's get praying. We're going to take communion with y'all. We're going into the throne room of God.
This is what we do in this household: we never enter into prayer without taking communion first. I'm showing what is mine is God's and what's God's is mine.
Everything he has provided for me, I receive it by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of our testimony.
He has redeemed us, he set us free, and we enter into his throne boldly because of his son's blood and what he did for us on that beautiful cross.
Thank you to whoever sent these communion cups to us from Amazon.
You sent us two boxes; it's a blessing. Father, we take this body right now in the name of Jesus.
If you just have a cracker, it's good; people say that's disrespectful, but God knows your heart.
I'll take a potato chip, whatever I can, just to get close to the Father.
It's what it represents in your heart. I come before him boldly.
If it's a piece of bread or whatever, don't be religious; just look at him and say, 'Jesus, I want to be close to you. I want to know you more than I know my past memories.
I'm desperate for change.'Some people can't afford much, but if you do this daily and you seek him daily, and you sow when he tells you to sow, and you give, and it shall be given unto you—good measure, pressed down, shaken together, and running over, will men give into your bosom.
I believe he said in Malachi that he would rebuke the devourer for your sake, even if it's just a penny.
I believe what he says more than I believe my circumstances.
Regardless of what I have in the bank, the Bible says that I'll be the lender and not the borrower—that I will be able to lend to the nations. To be able to lend to a nation is substantial.
It needs to be hundreds of millions of dollars in the bank to say, 'I'm a lender to nations.'The United States gives money to people, and you think about how much money that is—it's billions.
That's exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or think. But how do you start there?
You start with a seed, and a seed brings forth increase: some thirty, some sixty, and some hundredfold.
It's all in the ground you're sowing into. If you're sowing into bad ground, don't expect a big harvest.
A farmer doesn't sow into bad ground; he sows into manure or fertilized ground that's going to reap back.
So that's what we're going to do today. Now Father, I thank you for their ground.
I thank you that whatever they put their hands to will prosper.
Father, we take authority over the spirit of poverty, lack, not enough, and barely getting by.
We break your stronghold off of them in the name of Jesus and we say: let go of their money now in Jesus'name.
Father, I thank you that you said you would provide everything according to your riches and glory by Christ Jesus.
All our needs are met. Father, we thank you that it's not just about finances, it's about our health.
You took it all on the cross for us. The chastisement of our peace was upon you and with your stripes we're healed. Lord, we take up this body right now.
You were wounded for our transgressions and bruised for our iniquities, and we believe we receive today all the ills that as we take this body into our body, we're healed, whole, and well in the name of Jesus.
Now Lord, you said to make much of the blood and the blood will make much of you.
We plead the blood of Jesus over our families and over our sins. We thank you that the blood washes it all away today.
When we confess our sins, you're faithful and just to forgive us and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
We plead the blood of Jesus from the top of our head to the soles of our feet.
Take communion the way you like; there's no right or wrong way, there's only seeking Jesus.
Find a relationship, not religion. So, Father, we lift up Christian before you right now.
Christian, you're coming home in Jesus'name. We speak for this family to be reunited. Satan, take your hands off Christian and his family.
I thank you, Father, that you've called us to the kingdom for such a time as this to pray over the ones that are lost and wayward.
As a point of contact for all the other ones on this channel who are wayward, we're believing with you right now that Satan has to let go of those unsaved loved ones right now.
We call them into the kingdom of God. I thank you that their eyes are no longer blinded by the demonic.
This will be a time of a great turnaround in families. We bind these demonic spirits off the families and say you will go thus far and no further.
We call for a turnaround in your marriages, your children, and your grandchildren.
Father, I thank you for healings over their bodies. This is the time not to be always looking for tomorrow, but to look for today.
Our marriages are going to be strong and blessed. We bind strife in Jesus'name.
We thank you that there is great love and peace in these homes.
Children will be raised up in a godly way and when they get older, they will not depart from it.
I thank you, Father, that the men will rise up to be the spiritual backbone of the home; they will be the Davids who go after the giants and slay them.
We have the Esthers rising up, and the Hannahs, to be the Proverbs 31 women—not having a Jezebel spirit or a Delilah spirit, but being a support mate to that husband.
These men and women of God will join together in unity to bring in this great harvest.
We will serve the Lord with all our heart, mind, soul, and strength.
If my people who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray and turn from their wicked ways, then you said you would hear from heaven and heal our land.
We're coming back to you bolder and stronger than we've ever been before. I thank you for a supernatural turnaround in this nation.
Father, we come before you boldly and ask that you give President Trump wisdom. We pray for him and for JD Vance.
We pray for our leaders, for the new German leader, the South Korean leaders, and for Canada's leader.
Father, I thank you that Justin Trudeau is removed in Jesus'name.
His days of being in power are over; he would resign and move out of the way.
I thank you that a godly leader would rise up in Canada to lead that nation from sea to sea. We even thank you for Uganda's president.
We believe for President Trump to be protected from the north, south, east, and west; there are angels watching over him.
Give him supernatural wisdom on how to deal this crypto out.
We call forth that wealth transfer right now in the name of Jesus.
There's no more delay. Fund the harvest! Satan, take your hands off of this crypto.
We pray over the Iraqi dinar; we call you to reinstate and revalue right now.
We call gold and silver to soar to the highest prices we've ever seen to bring forth a supernatural wealth transfer and creative ideas to get wealth.
We seek you today, Father, and we will hear the Good Shepherd's voice.
We thank you for creative ideas and that you would anoint our hands.
Whatever we put our hands to will prosper. We are the head and not the tail; we're above and not beneath.
We're going to come out of the pit. Now faith is the substance of things hoped for and evidence of things not seen. We call those things around right now.
Our businesses would flourish, whether that's being the greatest pie maker, burger maker, barbecue maker, or a janitor service—be the greatest because we give you the glory.
I'm anointed to be a janitor, a banker, or a businesswoman, all for the glory of God. Not for our own pride or lust, but all for you, Lord.
To be the best race car driver, the best movie star, or the best football player—all to the glory of God.
Fame doesn't change us; popularity doesn't change us. We are changed only by the blood of the Lamb and the word of our testimony.
We're changed from glory to glory to be who you've called us to be.
Create in us a clean heart. We are filled with and controlled by the Holy Spirit today.
I was going to pray for people dealing with childhood trauma from your past.
If you're an adult and you have dealt with abuse, especially from your father, we come before you right now.
Say this right now: 'My father loves me.'Your earthly father may have missed the mark, but your heavenly Father didn't.
One second in his presence can erase decades of mental abuse and strongholds.
Father, I thank you that they are free in Jesus'name. Be free, be whole, be healed.
Your heavenly Father is chasing after you and you cannot run away from it. No more victim mentality; we are victors and overcomers.
Your dad may have been a bad man who beat or molested you, but we forgive them—not for them, but for you.
I release that so I am not taking that into my tomorrow. I surrender my pain to you, God.
When you take your hand out of trying to fix it, you let God take over.
One moment with the Holy Spirit can change decades of childhood trauma.
The anointing is the burden-removing, yoke-destroying power of God.
We're expecting a great turnaround in your lives today. Hope!
We're anchored to hope. I know in whom I've believed. God has a great future for every single one of you.
He says, 'I wish above all things that you prosper and be in health, even as your soul prospers.'As Oral Roberts said, 'God is a good God and the devil's a bad devil.'When you go through trials, always stay on God's side.
Your goodness is running after me. All my life you have been faithful; all my life you have been so, so good.
With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. Your mercy is running after me.
If you ever have a song come into your spirit like that, just sing it, because there's breakthrough that happens with praise and worship.
When praises go up, blessings come down. I had a breakthrough recently from singing a song the Holy Spirit brought to me.
We're real people with real needs, and we have to stand and resist the devil.
The Lord told me, 'Brandon, stop being lazy just because you're on YouTube.
Stand up, put your big boy pants on, and do what you know to do.'You may say, 'I can't sing like Celine Dion or Carrie Underwood,'but just make a joyful noise.
I don't have the right pitch a lot of times either, but he visits it.
Use whatever you've been given to the glory of God. It's all about Jesus today.
Ninety-nine percent of the time, I don't have a clue of the words; I'll just make them up even if it just sounds like I say our heart.
Yeah, those words. And I go, 'I don't know if that was right.'Even with that song I just sang, I don't know if I sang all those words right, but I tried.
I just say, 'It is what it is.'But He knows your heart, and He is up there going, 'Well, you know, you sang that a little off-key.'It doesn't matter; He just loves you.
He's chasing after you; His mercy is running after you. It is so important—I'll say it again like I said last time—that you have those stacking rocks experiences with the Lord.
Stack the rocks; every single rock means something. How many times has God showed up and showed off in your life?
And we forget the things that He delivered us from yesterday, and we go, 'Oh, I don't remember when God did something for me.'But He may have done something five years ago.
You should always go back to what He's done in the past and never take it for granted.
Say, 'God, You came through for me at such-and-such a time, and You'll do it again.'And that song is perfect for that because you're saying, 'All my life, You have been faithful.'And as you sing that, think about all the times that He's come through.
He'll do it again. Just take a look at where you are and where you've been.
Hasn't He always come through for you? He's the same as He was way back then.
You may not know how, you may not know when, but He'll do it again. Do you believe it? I believe it today.
It's important that you don't lose sight of your last miracle and always give Him praise for it on a day-to-day basis. I remember when Megan was not potty trained.
I remember when we didn't have enough food to eat and we were at our last dollar, and we said, 'How are we going to get through our tomorrow?'And He came through.
But God, who is rich in mercy, is merciful, and His mercy is new every morning.
And He is good, and His mercy endures forever. And we choose to praise Him even in the valley of the shadow of death.
I will fear no evil, for You are with me; Thy rod and Thy staff, they comfort me.
Surely goodness and mercy will follow me all the days of my life, and I will rejoice in the house of the Lord forever.
I rejoice with Him, for He is good and His mercy endures forever. For He is good—guess what they're going to say?
You've got to say it, but you say it with all your heart today: 'For the Lord is good, and His mercy endures forever.'In every area of my life, in every circumstance of my life, I choose to give God glory, honor, and praise today.
And He is good and He's going to deliver us. And as we do that, it brings me so much joy. There's a joy in that, a joy that you've never known.
And as you begin to do that and you practice it daily, I will even walk outside and you'll just start noticing things you've never seen before.
Look at God! He gives us a garment of praise for a spirit of heaviness.
God made that flower right there; that's beautiful. God, look what You did.
If you can't think of anything in your life that He's come through for you for, go outside and look at all the birds, look at everything, and I go, 'Wow, the sky is blue, the grass is green; You did it for me to enjoy.'Yeah, He said He gives us all things richly to enjoy.
Others say, 'I won't let the rocks do my job.'I'm not going to let the rocks do my job.
The rocks in themselves cry out because they're fearfully and wonderfully made.
Folks, a rock is a snake, a bird, a butterfly, or whatever—they're all wonderfully made by our Creator.
The great God Jehovah created every single thing for us to richly enjoy.
Colors—greens, yellows, purples—they're all His handiwork and it's all beautiful.
I love different colors; I love blacks, I love gold, and all kinds of cool colors. He did it for us all richly to enjoy.
This video is going too long; the Lord said, 'Don't make them so long.'But tomorrow we'll talk about it; I'll tell you tomorrow what I was going to tell you about today.
I hope this video blessed you all. We thank you for liking, subscribing, and clicking the notification bell.
Thank you for being a part of our YouTube channel. Every single time you do those things, it richly blesses us because it helps us with the algorithm.
We will never ask you for anything ever on this platform. If you see somebody asking you for something, it is not us.
We don't private message people. We will never ask you for crypto, a dime, or anything.
Freely we've been given, freely we give it out. So don't be scammed by anybody that tries to ask you for anything, saying they are us.
It's not us. The only things that we are—find us in the description below.
If it's not in our description below on this channel, it's not us.
Find us on Facebook, Instagram, X—all those things are in the link below.
Don't be scammed. These people are ruthless. God bless you all.
We thank you for joining us and we say, 'Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.'Jesus loves you so much, and we love you, and we will see you again tomorrow. God bless you all. Bye-bye.